---
author: elfnor
category: make
date: '2015-05-23 22:00'
image: 'Git\_Workflow.jpeg'
layout: post
tags:  nonsense
title: A Git Horror Story
---

While working on porting Structure Synth to Blender I came across [SCIgen](http://pdos.csail.mit.edu/scigen/) which generates random computer science papers using methods that are similar to the way Structure Synth generates geometry. Some of these papers have been accepted at conferences or in journals. This led to automatic text generators such as this [one](http://www.plot-generator.org.uk/) which I guess just uses straight substitution into a defined story. To include my Generative Art version of Structure Synth in the Sverchok Blender add-on I had to learn a lot more about using Git on a collaborative project. Like many new users I had trouble with the Git command terms. Late one night (a dark and stormy night) these two things converged.

Here\'s my [git horror story](http://www.plot-generator.org.uk/lbs9ew/curse-of-fetched-repo.html) automatically generated by [Plot Generator](http://www.plot-generator.org.uk/)

## The Curse of the Fetched Repo

### A Horror Story

### by elfnor

Whilst investigating the death of a local issue, a public git called A. Contributor uncovers a legend about a supernaturally-cursed, fetched repo circulating throughout upstream. As soon as anyone uses the repo, he or she has exactly 31 days left to live.

The doomed few appear to be ordinary people during day to day life, but when photographed, they look merged. A marked person feels like a checked out collaborator to touch.

A. gets hold of the repo, refusing to believe the superstition. A collage of images flash into her mind: a blamed git balancing on a cloned issue, an old newspaper headline about a rebase accident, a hooded organization ranting about forks and a drinking well located in an open source place.

When A. notices her branches have collaborator-like properties, she realises that the curse of the fetched repo is true and calls in her primary, a diff called B. User, to help.

B. examines the repo and willingly submits himself to the curse. He finds that the same visions flash before his eyes. He finds the blamed git balancing on a cloned issue particularly chilling. He joins the queue for a supernatural death.

A. and B. pursue a quest to uncover the meaning of the visions, starting with a search for the hooded organization. Will they be able to stop the curse before their time is up?

## Praise for The Curse of the Fetched Repo

> \"This is actually pretty scary. I\'ll never be able to look at another fetched repo for as long as I live.\"
> - The Daily Tale

> \"Oh please! There\'s nothing scary about a blamed git balancing on a cloned issue. Are we supposed to feel spooked?\"
> - Enid Kibbler

> \"The hooded organization really freaked me out.\"
> - Hit the Spoof

> \"I hope A. and B. get married.\"
> - Zob Gloop
> `9+++++++++++++++++++++++++-------`.
> -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
